=======================
Motivation and Overview
=======================

I want to be able to follow primary source material on legislation as it
develops in my city. I also want to have appropraite context around this
legislation so that I can develop my own better informed opinions. Having this
ability makes me feel as though I can actually be involved in the process of
guiding the city -- it opens the black box of how things are done, and makes
legislation accessible outside of its consequences.

There are three aspects here:

- subscription,
- contextualization, and
- evaluation (pros and cons)

*Subscription*: I want to be able to subscribe to legislation as its made
available, and to agendas of what's going to be discussed in the future.
Councilmatic will provide email, RSS, or SMS subscriptions to headlines that you
desire. It will also present updates to your subscribed information in a way
that is optimized for your viewing mode, be it web or mobile.

*Contextualization*: I want to see relevant information around legislation, like
mentioned areas, supporting areas (with councilember as proxy), related
legislation, and related information from around the internet. Councilmatic will
collect meta-information on legislation such as the words in a bill, and the
other bills that it refers to (determined through regular expression analysis).
It will also allow users to note areas of the city mentioned in legislation.

*Evaluation*: I want to see the pros and cons of an issue as discussed by the
wider community. Councilmatic will allow users to not only comment on a bill,
but also specify whether their comment is is support of or opposition to the
bill. Other users will be able to comments according to their helpfulness.
Through this system will emerge a set of most helpful supportive and opposing
viewpoints on the issues in a bill.
